We are getting to the end of the workshop.
So, remember what we have covered.
We started with a web
app that was not a PWA.
It's not installable,
it wasn't available offline.
Then we added installation.
Remember there was a manifest,
some properties there,
including display standalone and
name start URL.
We set up the icons.
Remember we have normal icons,
we have the maskable icon for
Android, we have the iOS icon,
but it's actually in the HTML.
Maybe in the future,
Apple will support icons directly
from the manifest, it's not now.
Then we enhance a little
bit the user interface,
we remove for
example selection over icons.
We also add a safe area so
we are not having a toolbar over
places that are managed by the OS.
We added a Service Worker.
So we understood what a Service Worker is,
this new paradigm on the web,
where we can actually code a web server,
but client side.
Remember, it's a middleware, so, and the P
in PWA means progressive enhancement.
So if it's not there,
everything should work anyway.
So don't rely on the existence of
the Service Worker to create the good for
web app.
If it's there, it's great,
you will have a faster experience,
but if it's not everything
should work anyway.
We made an offline experience, so
now our app works completely offline.
We have all the assets that we need,
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and web font.
And also we're using local storage to
save the notes that we are typing.
We have added or
enhanced the Installation Support.
So we have now an Install button that
with the before install prompt, and
we have a better installation
dialog on Android.
Add in the screenshot, and
also some descriptions.
And finally, we discussed how to create
the package for different app stores.
So that's actually how you can take any
website, any web app that you have and
convert that into an app, and
convert that into a progressive web app.
Thank you for attending this workshop and
see you around.